OK, a bit of cookie
troubleshooting-- just a couple
tips.
First, the problem of unevenly
baked batches of cookies.
If you portion the cookies
out on your pan evenly
and you're getting
inconsistent results,
it might be that your
oven heats unevenly.
The solution here is to rotate
the pan in the oven midway
through the baking process.
Second problem, the cookies
have overly crisp edges.
This comes from not
chilling the cookies.
If the dough is warm
from the mixing process
and put right in the
oven, the cookie dough
can spread out faster and
farther than you want.
This makes for cookies with
thin edges that crisp up.
Always remember to
chill the dough.